If you could travel to any country, where would you go?
If you could travel to any city, where would you go?

What's your favorite type of pizza topping?
What's your favorite type of sandwich filling?

Which movie do you think has the best soundtrack?
Which movie do you think has the best visual effects?

What's your favorite board game to play with friends?
What's your favorite card game to play with friends?

What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What's your favorite thing to do on a sunny day?

What was your favorite childhood toy?
What was your favorite childhood game?

If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you could have any magical ability, what would it be?

What is your favorite type of chocolate?
What is your favorite type of candy?

What's your favorite summer activity?
What's your favorite winter activity?

What is your favorite type of exercise?
What is your favorite type of sport?

What is your favorite fruit?
What is your favorite vegetable?

Which is your favorite book genre?
Which is your favorite movie genre?

What's your favorite TV show?
What's your favorite web series?

What's your favorite type of weather?
What's your least favorite type of weather?

What's your favorite soda flavor?
What's your favorite juice flavor?

What's your favorite type of music?
What's your favorite type of dance?

What is your favorite instrument to play?
What is your favorite instrument to listen to?

What's your favorite breakfast food?
What's your favorite dessert?

What's your favorite indoor activity?
What's your favorite outdoor activity?

What's your favorite way to relax?
What's your favorite way to stay active?

What's your favorite animal to see at the zoo?
What's your favorite animal to see in the wild?

What's your favorite roller coaster?
What's your favorite amusement park ride?

What's your favorite holiday tradition?
What's your favorite birthday tradition?

What's your favorite social media platform?
What's your favorite messaging app?

What's your favorite type of pet?
What's your favorite type of wild animal?

What's your favorite thing to cook?
What's your favorite thing to bake?

What's your favorite indoor sport?
What's your favorite outdoor sport?

What's your favorite type of sandwich?
What's your favorite type of burger?

Which famous scientist do you admire the most?
Which famous inventor do you admire the most?

What's your favorite type of hot beverage?
What's your favorite type of cold beverage?

If you were a fruit, what fruit would you be?
If you were a vegetable, what vegetable would you be?

If you were a kitchen appliance, what would you be?
If you were a piece of furniture, what would you be?

If you could have a pet that's a mix of two animals, what two animals would you choose?
If you could be a hybrid of two animals, what two animals would you choose?

What's the weirdest food combination you enjoy?
What's the strangest drink combination you enjoy?

If you had to give yourself a funny nickname, what would it be?
If you had to give yourself a silly superhero name, what would it be?

If you were a flavor of potato chips, what flavor would you be?
If you were a flavor of popcorn, what flavor would you be?

If you had to replace your hands with any two objects, what would they be?
If you had to replace your feet with any two objects, what would they be?

If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about your life, what would it be?

If you could orchestrate any historical event, which one would you choose?
What is the funniest historical event in your opinion?

What historical figure do you really admire
What historical figure would you kill as a child

What do you consider the most significant global issue facing humanity?
What political party do you really hate?

What's the worst gift you've ever received?
What would you gift your favorite person on their deathbed
